Sorting Data
1.) Find top 5 samsung phones with biggest screen size
2.) Sort all the phones in descending order of number of total cameras
3.) Sort data on the basis of ppi in descending order
4.) Find the phone with 2md largest battery
5.) Find the name and rating of the worst rated apple phone
6.) Sort phones alphabetically and then on the basis of price in desc order
7.) Sort phones alphabetically and then on the basis of price in asc order

Grouping Data
1.) Group smartphones by brand and get the count, average price, max rating, avg, screen size and avg battery capacity
Group By Animation
2.) Group smartphones by whether they have an NFC and get the average price and rating
3.) Group smartphones by the extended memory available and get the average price
4.) Group smartphone by the brand and processor brand and get the count of models and the average primary camera resolution(rear)
5.) find top 5 most costly phone brands
6.) which brand makes the smalles screen smartphones
7.) Avg price of 5g phones vs avg price of non 5g phones
8.) Group smartphones by the brand, and find the brand with the highest numbers of models that have both
9.) Find all samsung 5g enabled smartphones and find out the avg price for NFC and Non-NFC phones
10.) Find the phones name, price of the costliest phones


Having Clause
1.) Find the avg rating of smartphone brands which have more than 20 phones
2.) Find the top 3 brands with the highest avg ram that have a refresh rate of atleast 90 Hz and fast charging available and dont consider brands which have less than 10 phones
3.) Find the avg price of all the phones brands with avg rating > 70b and num_phones more than 10 among all 5g phones.

Practice
1.) Find the top 5 batsman in IPL
2.) Find the 2md highest 6 hitter in IPL
3.) Find Virat Kohli's performance agaisnt all IPL teams
4.) Find top 10 batsman with centuries in IPL
5.) Find the top 5 batsman with highest strike rate who have played a min of 1000 balls 
